Size, what happened?
It's Yao Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen Wen.
Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen.
Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen
Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen.
Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen, Wen Wenwenwenwenwenwenwen
The average person is as high as Zhongjing etc.
The eldest young master doesn’t talk about good considerations
Lost during live broadcast
After all, this is our eldest young master’s service, brother.
Can we act more here?
Miss, what else do you know?
Everyone is gone
Okay, this is my expectation